Gems Bond Advertizement -  Based on "Gems" , a kind of chocolate slicings, while those people (at Gems Public School) were littrally dealing in all kinds of gems and even diamonds. Maami was a special girl there, the school was inside nuclear micro build and required extremely hardlined built to get there.

Small age animals in movies (e.g. The Lion King/The Jungle Book/Haathi Mere Saathi etc.) All kind of Small age Dangars are accomodated there at small DAV(Dangar Andar Vaad.) Amandeep was a special topper there and he had a top selling shop also in 40 sector(Pawan) those days. While I went to his shop when chandigarh started and he was astonished to see the 100 Rupee Modern note while those days the prices were to be set to be extremely low coz of my parents having very less salaries.

Banjo Song - Again it's the same Arvind Chauhan/James Guy, I mean i meet him at lots of places, however he was a bit dull as nistandra plus his chemistry book as well but otherwise ok at other places, other ppl. also complaining his Ram Rahim role as well, while to me it's only appearing as  a movie snippet. Lovina , you got it / also vaardaat waala kauwa ..nhmmm.
 
47 Ronin Movie - Black Dragon Karate Club , 37 Model . My role played by Papa while a side hero Manish played after my fight. Special thanks to Vivek Saini ( Umesh Duggal ) for the worthy kick while the reason was that I had left sher1.0 moving in dreams and it entered vivek saini during fight and that was a my own reflex kick which i got from front, I got up later and confronted him with a arm block(a type of move in karate), You see kachra with a lame arm in Lagaan Movie and he's a spinner in cricket there , while you might have noticed that i use my left arm very little.

Jo Jeeta Wahi Sikandar - Army Recruiting at Olive Greens, for getting admitted to 37 model, while it was mandatory that they show their dress (e.g. in the morning assembly) which has to be neat and clean . Bhagat Singh played a special trainer there at my place in night. Recruitment to any kind of forces was dependent on what Dress Code any person had there, and must be within rules. I was looking for rich kindaa girl and from far checking convent girls in my thoughts , that's how the then swati jain(kiranjot) got into that movie, while the actual swati jain was in our class itself as pooja (the krisna koodewaali who was  working in our house since we were very young.) While it seems that Parinita(Maami) was the Aaysha Julka there and had a car workshop centre which i wanted for to see there but i din't actually meet swati jain via 37 model, coz it was merely in thoughts and though we already had a car (4 choodiyan, Gall kar gi mainu pinch ni,Na Na hun ni sarna inch song.) . Why the movie is showing that i've actually met Swati Jain and that also in Gypsy, it seems that was probably due to some Sakshi Bhaav Actuality offered by Bhagwaan. I merely sat in a Gypsy while i got beaten up at Hydrabad and my parents were negotiating with military people there to get me released(However I must clarify that I was beaten by Mata ki Chowki People led by Krishan Lal Duggal and not by any kind of military people, those military people came later on from somewhere).

Young/Adolecent Animals - (again in movies like Lion King/Star Wars etc.) You might ask those aliens are also Dangars??? I am saying that there are one Humans and one Non Humans, So the Non-Human Might be an Alien or Animal, they are both non-human i mean. DAV College I mean.

Habibi Finak song - Arvind Chauhan Physics Institute.

The Matrix movie - I was extensively delving into all the Intermediate Classes Reading material to be able to develope matrices for later studying. I must assure that a thing is there when I myself make it, not before that, coz i'm some kind of special person it seems. So if you see scooters , it was built first , and then you see PAYTm these days it came after i built it but to be myself able to use the QR code , i am yet to get the Feedback while people who played with me the PAYTm in future are even nowadays showing me QR code payments while for me it will take lots of time to be able to use it. 

Mohabbatein Movie - About Miranda House Visiting Kumaon Hostel , IIT Delhi for Formals(Dance Event), While I looked inside the mess room from outside, it was fully curtained. Later in the Night I had thoughts of Sonia Sood as well and yeah she's indeed a Ghost. (Shahrukh Khan played by Manas)

Enemy at the Gates movie 5 shot scene - at NCC , Battalion 7, Safdarjung Enclave

Blackia song (Rupinder Gandhi movie) - There was this Tobu (Actual name Todarmal) which had trapped James and I released him from that trap by making blackia a separate deamon out of the cluches of the dreaded monty. James was Shitij Bansal there but a bit shy in AOE, coz it was mostly Hostel level there and would require extensive workout to reach the benchmark levels.

Haryana Roadways by Fazilpuriya song - 37 model people had joined the Haryana Roadways on various posts.

Das kyon tere karke chadd dan jigree yaaran nu, jehde wardi agg wich naal khade ne saare Sippy Gill song - By Gaurav Salwan / His Collegemate at NIT as well Megha Mittal.

Bhagat Singh Movies - Actual Bhagat Singh taught Programming at Jolly's Center . He offered me job also (my first job/the reason why kiranjot din't offer me a teaching job in chemistry-For PCM name sake). He had even taught me how to create Linked Lists. While these days however he's been replaced by one Piddu Guy(Ghasim) there who had earlier said that he can try to teach word but has no knowledge of C/C++ etc things. I mean this piddu guy is extremely dangerous according to my calculations.

This TV like thing will spoil the nation (Statement by Lalu) - It's possible that this Laalu Yadav's statement might have had an effect on teachers like shantanu sir who took away my computer for few days. Further in the dropped semester I studied TV repair etc at 36 sector , in a wake that only the design part of PCB's was shown at IIT and not the real low end chip repairs, I did a similar course on networks while it had the sequence showing while Subrat had it probably lower rated version since i din't attend that class of his. Another course i was doing at Puncomm/PCL with usual age old story that there was a Manish Guy there looking like Emraan Hashmi and there was a priyanka airy and there was Mandeep Kaur Cheema(Priyanka Chopra{Real} / Maami {Spoiler} ) and her mom as friend, but due to spoilers the things din't work between us. I mean in IIT in the first week they showed me the complete Mechanical Engineering Shops in comparision to the PEC show but when it came to the Real EE department , i think they had already lost the tempo by then and I had to check that part outside.  

Pan Singh Tomar Movie - With Kauwa even offering Trainee job at Futures First Startup and later offering job in Findacco also. Pan , it was an AOE game, while i've quit playing lots lots ago since the earlier versions of the game no longer exist now and the present versions are very badly patched and boring. I mean i now even have a repo of win vs L_Clan_Chris / even guarding him with Briton Archers while he died to stop him getting hacked by Luca Gracia(Far Away Preet) in a gold game. 7 hardest ppl say is boring coz the hardest computers din't do much/6 hardest they were saying was good-Fast Pace. 

James movie - James defeated me in Sling/Reverse Lock game while he was using an extensively difficult to  fight AI Bhalchandra (Bhagwaan/Nitin Khanna/Naana) . Another place Bangaluru Pros also he was playing and Defeated Me and Rohit Kainth vs Him and Subrat Kar. Actually Rohit Kainth was waiting to have a drink at purple hayes and denied for a second game there. Other top players like kauwa and new guy were also standing there watching and they din't play , kauwa said you should have told us to play and also showed that the way you are towering him , it might work at iit but for pro players you need to tower near their gold/stone etc. resources for it to work. Further that version of game was also not 1.0 so it was taking a lot and lot of time to build tower compared to 1.0.

Air Wolf Series - Indian Air Force , BRD 13, via. my CBZ.

The Report Movie - My report about Hackings and the problem it's causing to few people like Bhagat Singh and how I and Papa (Bhagat Singh) fought the sinister dark lords which began with my reporting it and later a long and gruelsome war. What kid Aarav is unable to understand in this regard is that there is lots of public property of the people involved when somebody hacks in my data, which can be grave losses to the people whose data it was, that's the concern. Chotta Pondrak karta to fir bhi samajh aata par bada  ho ke Allah bhi yahi karega then it's very negative review.

Taare Zameen Par Movie - My stay at Hydrabad and the Subsequent "System Failure". Program (Stars->Diamonds etc.) handed over to Preet.
 
The Day the Earth Stood Still Movie - How I came out safe from the Packet. Still looking for a duplicate while it seems I am myself the only one who can achieve this feet, while I have my kid (sher1.0) , to bring back whom I had gone to Hydrabad while my own papa (Bhagat Singh) also came there to save me. It clearly was due to Bhagat Singh that i came back but I had some network intellegence also why i din't make any wrong moves there and played calculated/clever there. Sitafal was  given there by Kairav, which got me enough energy to survive the little beating. Further it later also lasted for few days even after coming back that i came back into some sences and start doing something again.

No Data - IDS, Infotech - Yeah I had come out of the packet and exploring further. They are saying that it's the Jehdi Bullet Chalandi aa song, while it was at 38 Sector, outside RN Classes and not at IDS. So, kindly get it corrected.

Mere piya gaye rangoon etc. song coz the Zoomit owner name was vermani. they are the mohita etc and even bhagwaan as well that girl who are saying things about kalapani without much clarity what they want to say.

Rape , It's Your Fault AIB Video - By Kalki Kochlien / Mirza song Rann Bacha ke, tainu mere naalon bhra pyaare ho gaye.  RN Classes

Dhobi ne Dhoban Dhamkai song - Washerman Ltd. by Ashish Sharma / Badu Sahib(It was expected that they would ask my parents to wash clothes but it is clearly beyond words what happend to them anywhere).

Entity - Vivek Saini tryin to cover Krishan Lal Duggals mistake, worrying he'd be shown as the 3 tit girl which would be even worst than chuccha's cow (many tit) and worked hard for many days at Kalia Technologies. And he was clear that the kauwa guy was also trying to get away with pooja girl while you were unaware of it that she's going to marry you later. Further i've already stated that Duggal gave me very minor beating there but the problem there was that one guy put his dick my mouth there, which has been later identified as  Raavan. So, we have clearly stated that we will fight with the root cause of the incident while other's will get a lesser responsibility of it. The web name was livechandigarh.com

High End Physics Design videos (EE influenced  Physics Lectures{Totally Top Notch}) - Kalia Institute

Chennai Express movie - Deepika Padukone has already stated that she started healing me as soon as she got the chance and whenever she got the chance, starting from very early in her youth, clear in her mentality that it's gonna be physical relation the mirza way and not too much talking especially the ranjha way clearly because she gets very little time to perform and prove her mettle. She has even stated that she was the sourcerous girl in He-Man which got ghasim to make the suggestion that i can ask for myself in my radio broadcast as well , which got him that post while she had to relax with only the skeletor . I mean how does it matter to me, there was somebody he-man , he had a villain skeletor , so it doesn't affect me in any way whichever way it goes. But the problem why pooja lost the sourceros seat very early in her career was coz she had in the step starting requested me that she wants ghasim as her boyfriend, coz she was probably feeling underconfident coming alone, that's where ghasim grabbed that role from her there. Now later when she has changed from Pakistani-Allah(Aanam Aggarwal/Maanav) to French Allah (Slightly older Pooja after having completed the down boat step and now on it's tip) and now she has got good positive roles e.g. even Hanumaan as well. Since beginning she is doing Govinda roles but now most of the LOTR had her as Aragorn. That's where she is the most successfull. Angelina jolie she is  doing non-strong kindaa in Eternals. And then there are the Julia Roberts/Malika Sherawat roles , even she has done most of those also, don't worry i've seen it , others notice it or not it's their problem. How does it matter to me that sher1.0 did Murder with pankaj(swati jain) as her heroine , main sher1.0 nahi hoon (for their clarity). Aise to hamari poori family murder movie banaati....to kisi ne kisi kisi ke saath banayi hogi....to main wahi dekhta rahoon ke kisne kiske saath banayi hai. Further there was a item song in Chennai Express movie by Priyanka Airy, udhar hi lag raha hai shaayad main pitaa hoon(beaten up).

Mujhse Shaadi Karogi Movie by Priyanka Chopra (Actual Mom) - Web World Experts / Mohali Academy . She said she was providing cover ke teri biwi bhaag na jaaye kahin so filling in at the empty day slots. {earlier as Chaudhary Sir at DAV{Khan and Chaudhary Author- gave me 58/60 in physical}/Air Force Datasheets she gave me for presentation at IIT/the Sweetest of Sham Giris{Stated "kami to kuch nahi hai"} making me confident regarding marriage.)

Beamer song - Alto K10 [Porsche (via. Asphalt 9)] specially bought then to impress wife and later for use by family as well.

Kuch Kariye , nas nas mera khole song by Shahrukh Khan - GreyB Research 

Toilet ek prem katha movie - even bigger people(e.g. sher1.0) than Sharp Web Developers are working on this matter that there are some places where humans live but those places  don't have enough/any toilets . It's been claimed by Suman Madam that around 2 lakh were demanded by Sharp Web Developers as a defamation claim that the amit guy there was making for the harsh statement regarding no-toilet facility there. Further you might see some horrific scenes like the shooting down of a female slave in The Schindler's List movie because she was trying to excrete there.   

Student of the Year Movie - Divya Sharma / Sunil Yadav / Sumit Diwan etc. usual crew but there was one Sehaj Guy(Pankaj Sood) who's name got me the hint which I stated in the Interview at Nadha Sahib regarding Nanak Shah Fakir Movie. First Spell of Alpha Classes , I mean while i was married also there. Chanchal Thakur had earlier told that she had got 90 in Science via Himachal Board which can be more difficult than other mark claims that' how she got in it seems(as Sahaj). 

Dang Dang Song - Ethan Hunt (Raj Sass) wants to become Rajat Kalia, She has  set up a centre to get the photomorphing(code) of his face /  other nitty gritty stuff like Universe Creation codes etc. and has paid adequately for the stuff demanded according to her. I had gave her the Linked List Program as well to practice universe creation herself.

Mainu Tatti Aundi Payi Song - Job at Arvind Chauhan Institute online centre.

James Bond Movie Series - James gave me biryani as well as 60 bucks chicken with rotis etc as well. He had also fed me Big Celebrity Bakra(Puneet Duggal) also near the same time at Prem Restuarant.

Super 30 movie - Second Spell at - Alpha Classes 

Rock Show Ophthalmic - Raksha Bandhan (Unpaid One for Pooja visiting in grave need) while my sisters always enjoyed it(I mean the Rakha Bandhan Occasions and the rock show as well) .

Tere layi sab rishte muka te , tu ta sohniye maape chaddate song - by Shorya (Kartar Singh Sarabha after release.)  Knowledge about who's who, as of person's details clarification + support of modiji(papa) in 2024  election as Nitish Kumar.

And then there's me here, NOW.